c:\users\aroca\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DBInsertMasivo\DBInsertMasivo\bin\Debug\DBInsertMasivo.exe.config
c:\users\aroca\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DBInsertMasivo\DBInsertMasivo\bin\Debug\DBInsertMasivo.exe
c:\users\aroca\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DBInsertMasivo\DBInsertMasivo\bin\Debug\DBInsertMasivo.pdb
c:\users\aroca\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DBInsertMasivo\DBInsertMasivo\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Data.v19.1.dll
c:\users\aroca\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DBInsertMasivo\DBInsertMasivo\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Printing.v19.1.Core.dll
c:\users\aroca\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DBInsertMasivo\DBInsertMasivo\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Sparkline.v19.1.Core.dll
c:\users\aroca\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DBInsertMasivo\DBInsertMasivo\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Utils.v19.1.dll
c:\users\aroca\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DBInsertMasivo\DBInsertMasivo\bin\Debug\DevExpress.XtraEditors.v19.1.dll
c:\users\aroca\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DBInsertMasivo\DBInsertMasivo\bin\Debug\DevExpress.XtraGrid.v19.1.dll
c:\users\aroca\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DBInsertMasivo\DBInsertMasivo\bin\Debug\DevExpress.XtraLayout.v19.1.dll
c:\users\aroca\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DBInsertMasivo\DBInsertMasivo\bin\Debug\DevExpress.XtraPrinting.v19.1.dll
c:\users\aroca\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DBInsertMasivo\DBInsertMasivo\bin\Debug\FastMember.dll
c:\users\aroca\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DBInsertMasivo\DBInsertMasivo\bin\Debug\GenericParsing.dll
c:\users\aroca\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DBInsertMasivo\DBInsertMasivo\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Pdf.v19.1.Core.dll
c:\users\aroca\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DBInsertMasivo\DBInsertMasivo\bin\Debug\DevExpress.XtraBars.v19.1.dll
c:\users\aroca\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DBInsertMasivo\DBInsertMasivo\bin\Debug\DevExpress.RichEdit.v19.1.Core.dll
c:\users\aroca\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DBInsertMasivo\DBInsertMasivo\bin\Debug\DevExpress.XtraTreeList.v19.1.dll
c:\users\aroca\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DBInsertMasivo\DBInsertMasivo\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Office.v19.1.Core.dll
c:\users\aroca\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DBInsertMasivo\DBInsertMasivo\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Images.v19.1.dll
c:\users\aroca\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DBInsertMasivo\DBInsertMasivo\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Data.v19.1.xml
c:\users\aroca\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DBInsertMasivo\DBInsertMasivo\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Printing.v19.1.Core.xml
c:\users\aroca\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DBInsertMasivo\DBInsertMasivo\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Sparkline.v19.1.Core.xml
c:\users\aroca\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DBInsertMasivo\DBInsertMasivo\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Utils.v19.1.xml
c:\users\aroca\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DBInsertMasivo\DBInsertMasivo\bin\Debug\DevExpress.XtraEditors.v19.1.xml
c:\users\aroca\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DBInsertMasivo\DBInsertMasivo\bin\Debug\DevExpress.XtraGrid.v19.1.xml
c:\users\aroca\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DBInsertMasivo\DBInsertMasivo\bin\Debug\DevExpress.XtraLayout.v19.1.xml
c:\users\aroca\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DBInsertMasivo\DBInsertMasivo\bin\Debug\DevExpress.XtraPrinting.v19.1.xml
c:\users\aroca\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DBInsertMasivo\DBInsertMasivo\bin\Debug\GenericParsing.xml
c:\users\aroca\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DBInsertMasivo\DBInsertMasivo\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Pdf.v19.1.Core.xml
c:\users\aroca\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DBInsertMasivo\DBInsertMasivo\bin\Debug\DevExpress.XtraBars.v19.1.xml
c:\users\aroca\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DBInsertMasivo\DBInsertMasivo\bin\Debug\DevExpress.RichEdit.v19.1.Core.xml
c:\users\aroca\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DBInsertMasivo\DBInsertMasivo\bin\Debug\DevExpress.XtraTreeList.v19.1.xml
c:\users\aroca\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DBInsertMasivo\DBInsertMasivo\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Office.v19.1.Core.xml
c:\users\aroca\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DBInsertMasivo\DBInsertMasivo\bin\Debug\de\DevExpress.Data.v19.1.resources.dll
c:\users\aroca\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DBInsertMasivo\DBInsertMasivo\bin\Debug\es\DevExpress.Data.v19.1.resources.dll
c:\users\aroca\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DBInsertMasivo\DBInsertMasivo\bin\Debug\ja\DevExpress.Data.v19.1.resources.dll
c:\users\aroca\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DBInsertMasivo\DBInsertMasivo\bin\Debug\ru\DevExpress.Data.v19.1.resources.dll
c:\users\aroca\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DBInsertMasivo\DBInsertMasivo\bin\Debug\de\DevExpress.Printing.v19.1.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\aroca\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DBInsertMasivo\DBInsertMasivo\bin\Debug\es\DevExpress.Printing.v19.1.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\aroca\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DBInsertMasivo\DBInsertMasivo\bin\Debug\ja\DevExpress.Printing.v19.1.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\aroca\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DBInsertMasivo\DBInsertMasivo\bin\Debug\ru\DevExpress.Printing.v19.1.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\aroca\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DBInsertMasivo\DBInsertMasivo\bin\Debug\de\DevExpress.Sparkline.v19.1.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\aroca\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DBInsertMasivo\DBInsertMasivo\bin\Debug\es\DevExpress.Sparkline.v19.1.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\aroca\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DBInsertMasivo\DBInsertMasivo\bin\Debug\ja\DevExpress.Sparkline.v19.1.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\aroca\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DBInsertMasivo\DBInsertMasivo\bin\Debug\ru\DevExpress.Sparkline.v19.1.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\aroca\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DBInsertMasivo\DBInsertMasivo\bin\Debug\de\DevExpress.Utils.v19.1.resources.dll
c:\users\aroca\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DBInsertMasivo\DBInsertMasivo\bin\Debug\es\DevExpress.Utils.v19.1.resources.dll
c:\users\aroca\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DBInsertMasivo\DBInsertMasivo\bin\Debug\ja\DevExpress.Utils.v19.1.resources.dll
c:\users\aroca\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DBInsertMasivo\DBInsertMasivo\bin\Debug\ru\DevExpress.Utils.v19.1.resources.dll
c:\users\aroca\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DBInsertMasivo\DBInsertMasivo\bin\Debug\de\DevExpress.XtraEditors.v19.1.resources.dll
c:\users\aroca\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DBInsertMasivo\DBInsertMasivo\bin\Debug\es\DevExpress.XtraEditors.v19.1.resources.dll
c:\users\aroca\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DBInsertMasivo\DBInsertMasivo\bin\Debug\ja\DevExpress.XtraEditors.v19.1.resources.dll
c:\users\aroca\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DBInsertMasivo\DBInsertMasivo\bin\Debug\ru\DevExpress.XtraEditors.v19.1.resources.dll
c:\users\aroca\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DBInsertMasivo\DBInsertMasivo\bin\Debug\de\DevExpress.XtraGrid.v19.1.resources.dll
c:\users\aroca\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DBInsertMasivo\DBInsertMasivo\bin\Debug\es\DevExpress.XtraGrid.v19.1.resources.dll
c:\users\aroca\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DBInsertMasivo\DBInsertMasivo\bin\Debug\ja\DevExpress.XtraGrid.v19.1.resources.dll
c:\users\aroca\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DBInsertMasivo\DBInsertMasivo\bin\Debug\ru\DevExpress.XtraGrid.v19.1.resources.dll
c:\users\aroca\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DBInsertMasivo\DBInsertMasivo\bin\Debug\de\DevExpress.XtraLayout.v19.1.resources.dll
c:\users\aroca\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DBInsertMasivo\DBInsertMasivo\bin\Debug\es\DevExpress.XtraLayout.v19.1.resources.dll
c:\users\aroca\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DBInsertMasivo\DBInsertMasivo\bin\Debug\ja\DevExpress.XtraLayout.v19.1.resources.dll
c:\users\aroca\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DBInsertMasivo\DBInsertMasivo\bin\Debug\ru\DevExpress.XtraLayout.v19.1.resources.dll
c:\users\aroca\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DBInsertMasivo\DBInsertMasivo\bin\Debug\de\DevExpress.XtraPrinting.v19.1.resources.dll
c:\users\aroca\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DBInsertMasivo\DBInsertMasivo\bin\Debug\es\DevExpress.XtraPrinting.v19.1.resources.dll
c:\users\aroca\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DBInsertMasivo\DBInsertMasivo\bin\Debug\ja\DevExpress.XtraPrinting.v19.1.resources.dll
c:\users\aroca\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DBInsertMasivo\DBInsertMasivo\bin\Debug\ru\DevExpress.XtraPrinting.v19.1.resources.dll
c:\users\aroca\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DBInsertMasivo\DBInsertMasivo\bin\Debug\de\DevExpress.Pdf.v19.1.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\aroca\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DBInsertMasivo\DBInsertMasivo\bin\Debug\es\DevExpress.Pdf.v19.1.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\aroca\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DBInsertMasivo\DBInsertMasivo\bin\Debug\ja\DevExpress.Pdf.v19.1.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\aroca\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DBInsertMasivo\DBInsertMasivo\bin\Debug\ru\DevExpress.Pdf.v19.1.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\aroca\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DBInsertMasivo\DBInsertMasivo\bin\Debug\de\DevExpress.XtraBars.v19.1.resources.dll
c:\users\aroca\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DBInsertMasivo\DBInsertMasivo\bin\Debug\es\DevExpress.XtraBars.v19.1.resources.dll
c:\users\aroca\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DBInsertMasivo\DBInsertMasivo\bin\Debug\ja\DevExpress.XtraBars.v19.1.resources.dll
c:\users\aroca\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DBInsertMasivo\DBInsertMasivo\bin\Debug\ru\DevExpress.XtraBars.v19.1.resources.dll
c:\users\aroca\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DBInsertMasivo\DBInsertMasivo\bin\Debug\de\DevExpress.RichEdit.v19.1.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\aroca\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DBInsertMasivo\DBInsertMasivo\bin\Debug\es\DevExpress.RichEdit.v19.1.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\aroca\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DBInsertMasivo\DBInsertMasivo\bin\Debug\ja\DevExpress.RichEdit.v19.1.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\aroca\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DBInsertMasivo\DBInsertMasivo\bin\Debug\ru\DevExpress.RichEdit.v19.1.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\aroca\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DBInsertMasivo\DBInsertMasivo\bin\Debug\de\DevExpress.XtraTreeList.v19.1.resources.dll
c:\users\aroca\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DBInsertMasivo\DBInsertMasivo\bin\Debug\es\DevExpress.XtraTreeList.v19.1.resources.dll
c:\users\aroca\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DBInsertMasivo\DBInsertMasivo\bin\Debug\ja\DevExpress.XtraTreeList.v19.1.resources.dll
c:\users\aroca\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DBInsertMasivo\DBInsertMasivo\bin\Debug\ru\DevExpress.XtraTreeList.v19.1.resources.dll
c:\users\aroca\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DBInsertMasivo\DBInsertMasivo\bin\Debug\de\DevExpress.Office.v19.1.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\aroca\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DBInsertMasivo\DBInsertMasivo\bin\Debug\es\DevExpress.Office.v19.1.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\aroca\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DBInsertMasivo\DBInsertMasivo\bin\Debug\ja\DevExpress.Office.v19.1.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\aroca\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DBInsertMasivo\DBInsertMasivo\bin\Debug\ru\DevExpress.Office.v19.1.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\aroca\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DBInsertMasivo\DBInsertMasivo\obj\Debug\DBInsertMasivo.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\aroca\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DBInsertMasivo\DBInsertMasivo\obj\Debug\DBInsertMasivo.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\aroca\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DBInsertMasivo\DBInsertMasivo\obj\Debug\DBInsertMasivo.Winform.FrmInsertarMasivo.resources
c:\users\aroca\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DBInsertMasivo\DBInsertMasivo\obj\Debug\DBInsertMasivo.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\aroca\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DBInsertMasivo\DBInsertMasivo\obj\Debug\DBInsertMasivo.exe.licenses
c:\users\aroca\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DBInsertMasivo\DBInsertMasivo\obj\Debug\DBInsertMasivo.exe
c:\users\aroca\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DBInsertMasivo\DBInsertMasivo\obj\Debug\DBInsertMasivo.pdb
c:\users\aroca\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DBInsertMasivo\DBInsertMasivo\bin\Debug\ClosedXML.dll
c:\users\aroca\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DBInsertMasivo\DBInsertMasivo\bin\Debug\DocumentFormat.OpenXml.dll
c:\users\aroca\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DBInsertMasivo\DBInsertMasivo\bin\Debug\ExcelNumberFormat.dll
c:\users\aroca\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DBInsertMasivo\DBInsertMasivo\bin\Debug\ClosedXML.pdb
c:\users\aroca\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DBInsertMasivo\DBInsertMasivo\bin\Debug\ClosedXML.xml
c:\users\aroca\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DBInsertMasivo\DBInsertMasivo\bin\Debug\DocumentFormat.OpenXml.xml
c:\users\aroca\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DBInsertMasivo\DBInsertMasivo\bin\Debug\ExcelNumberFormat.xml
C:\Users\Aroca\Documents\GitHub\DBMASSINSERT\DBInsertMasivo\bin\Debug\DBInsertMasivo.exe.config
C:\Users\aroca\Documents\GitHub\DBMASSINSERT\DBInsertMasivo\bin\Debug\DBInsertMasivo.exe
C:\Users\aroca\Documents\GitHub\DBMASSINSERT\DBInsertMasivo\bin\Debug\DBInsertMasivo.pdb
C:\Users\aroca\Documents\GitHub\DBMASSINSERT\DBInsertMasivo\bin\Debug\ClosedXML.dll
C:\Users\aroca\Documents\GitHub\DBMASSINSERT\DBInsertMasivo\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Data.Desktop.v20.1.dll
C:\Users\aroca\Documents\GitHub\DBMASSINSERT\DBInsertMasivo\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Data.v20.1.dll
C:\Users\aroca\Documents\GitHub\DBMASSINSERT\DBInsertMasivo\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Printing.v20.1.Core.dll
C:\Users\aroca\Documents\GitHub\DBMASSINSERT\DBInsertMasivo\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Sparkline.v20.1.Core.dll
C:\Users\aroca\Documents\GitHub\DBMASSINSERT\DBInsertMasivo\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Utils.v20.1.dll
C:\Users\aroca\Documents\GitHub\DBMASSINSERT\DBInsertMasivo\bin\Debug\DevExpress.XtraEditors.v20.1.dll
C:\Users\aroca\Documents\GitHub\DBMASSINSERT\DBInsertMasivo\bin\Debug\DevExpress.XtraGrid.v20.1.dll
C:\Users\aroca\Documents\GitHub\DBMASSINSERT\DBInsertMasivo\bin\Debug\DevExpress.XtraLayout.v20.1.dll
C:\Users\aroca\Documents\GitHub\DBMASSINSERT\DBInsertMasivo\bin\Debug\DevExpress.XtraPrinting.v20.1.dll
C:\Users\aroca\Documents\GitHub\DBMASSINSERT\DBInsertMasivo\bin\Debug\DocumentFormat.OpenXml.dll
C:\Users\aroca\Documents\GitHub\DBMASSINSERT\DBInsertMasivo\bin\Debug\ExcelNumberFormat.dll
C:\Users\aroca\Documents\GitHub\DBMASSINSERT\DBInsertMasivo\bin\Debug\FastMember.dll
C:\Users\aroca\Documents\GitHub\DBMASSINSERT\DBInsertMasivo\bin\Debug\GenericParsing.dll
C:\Users\aroca\Documents\GitHub\DBMASSINSERT\DBInsertMasivo\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Pdf.v20.1.Core.dll
C:\Users\aroca\Documents\GitHub\DBMASSINSERT\DBInsertMasivo\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Pdf.v20.1.Drawing.dll
C:\Users\aroca\Documents\GitHub\DBMASSINSERT\DBInsertMasivo\bin\Debug\DevExpress.XtraBars.v20.1.dll
C:\Users\aroca\Documents\GitHub\DBMASSINSERT\DBInsertMasivo\bin\Debug\DevExpress.RichEdit.v20.1.Core.dll
C:\Users\aroca\Documents\GitHub\DBMASSINSERT\DBInsertMasivo\bin\Debug\DevExpress.XtraTreeList.v20.1.dll
C:\Users\aroca\Documents\GitHub\DBMASSINSERT\DBInsertMasivo\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Office.v20.1.Core.dll
C:\Users\aroca\Documents\GitHub\DBMASSINSERT\DBInsertMasivo\bin\Debug\ClosedXML.pdb
C:\Users\aroca\Documents\GitHub\DBMASSINSERT\DBInsertMasivo\bin\Debug\ClosedXML.xml
C:\Users\aroca\Documents\GitHub\DBMASSINSERT\DBInsertMasivo\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Data.v20.1.xml
C:\Users\aroca\Documents\GitHub\DBMASSINSERT\DBInsertMasivo\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Printing.v20.1.Core.xml
C:\Users\aroca\Documents\GitHub\DBMASSINSERT\DBInsertMasivo\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Sparkline.v20.1.Core.xml
C:\Users\aroca\Documents\GitHub\DBMASSINSERT\DBInsertMasivo\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Data.Desktop.v20.1.xml
C:\Users\aroca\Documents\GitHub\DBMASSINSERT\DBInsertMasivo\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Utils.v20.1.xml
C:\Users\aroca\Documents\GitHub\DBMASSINSERT\DBInsertMasivo\bin\Debug\DevExpress.XtraEditors.v20.1.xml
C:\Users\aroca\Documents\GitHub\DBMASSINSERT\DBInsertMasivo\bin\Debug\DevExpress.XtraGrid.v20.1.xml
C:\Users\aroca\Documents\GitHub\DBMASSINSERT\DBInsertMasivo\bin\Debug\DevExpress.XtraLayout.v20.1.xml
C:\Users\aroca\Documents\GitHub\DBMASSINSERT\DBInsertMasivo\bin\Debug\DevExpress.XtraPrinting.v20.1.xml
C:\Users\aroca\Documents\GitHub\DBMASSINSERT\DBInsertMasivo\bin\Debug\DocumentFormat.OpenXml.xml
C:\Users\aroca\Documents\GitHub\DBMASSINSERT\DBInsertMasivo\bin\Debug\ExcelNumberFormat.xml
C:\Users\aroca\Documents\GitHub\DBMASSINSERT\DBInsertMasivo\bin\Debug\GenericParsing.xml
C:\Users\aroca\Documents\GitHub\DBMASSINSERT\DBInsertMasivo\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Pdf.v20.1.Core.xml
C:\Users\aroca\Documents\GitHub\DBMASSINSERT\DBInsertMasivo\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Pdf.v20.1.Drawing.xml
C:\Users\aroca\Documents\GitHub\DBMASSINSERT\DBInsertMasivo\bin\Debug\DevExpress.XtraBars.v20.1.xml
C:\Users\aroca\Documents\GitHub\DBMASSINSERT\DBInsertMasivo\bin\Debug\DevExpress.RichEdit.v20.1.Core.xml
C:\Users\aroca\Documents\GitHub\DBMASSINSERT\DBInsertMasivo\bin\Debug\DevExpress.XtraTreeList.v20.1.xml
C:\Users\aroca\Documents\GitHub\DBMASSINSERT\DBInsertMasivo\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Office.v20.1.Core.xml
C:\Users\aroca\Documents\GitHub\DBMASSINSERT\DBInsertMasivo\bin\Debug\de\DevExpress.Data.v20.1.resources.dll
C:\Users\aroca\Documents\GitHub\DBMASSINSERT\DBInsertMasivo\bin\Debug\es\DevExpress.Data.v20.1.resources.dll
C:\Users\aroca\Documents\GitHub\DBMASSINSERT\DBInsertMasivo\bin\Debug\ja\DevExpress.Data.v20.1.resources.dll
C:\Users\aroca\Documents\GitHub\DBMASSINSERT\DBInsertMasivo\bin\Debug\ru\DevExpress.Data.v20.1.resources.dll
C:\Users\aroca\Documents\GitHub\DBMASSINSERT\DBInsertMasivo\bin\Debug\de\DevExpress.Printing.v20.1.Core.resources.dll
C:\Users\aroca\Documents\GitHub\DBMASSINSERT\DBInsertMasivo\bin\Debug\es\DevExpress.Printing.v20.1.Core.resources.dll
C:\Users\aroca\Documents\GitHub\DBMASSINSERT\DBInsertMasivo\bin\Debug\ja\DevExpress.Printing.v20.1.Core.resources.dll
C:\Users\aroca\Documents\GitHub\DBMASSINSERT\DBInsertMasivo\bin\Debug\ru\DevExpress.Printing.v20.1.Core.resources.dll
C:\Users\aroca\Documents\GitHub\DBMASSINSERT\DBInsertMasivo\bin\Debug\de\DevExpress.Sparkline.v20.1.Core.resources.dll
C:\Users\aroca\Documents\GitHub\DBMASSINSERT\DBInsertMasivo\bin\Debug\es\DevExpress.Sparkline.v20.1.Core.resources.dll
C:\Users\aroca\Documents\GitHub\DBMASSINSERT\DBInsertMasivo\bin\Debug\ja\DevExpress.Sparkline.v20.1.Core.resources.dll
C:\Users\aroca\Documents\GitHub\DBMASSINSERT\DBInsertMasivo\bin\Debug\ru\DevExpress.Sparkline.v20.1.Core.resources.dll
C:\Users\aroca\Documents\GitHub\DBMASSINSERT\DBInsertMasivo\bin\Debug\de\DevExpress.Utils.v20.1.resources.dll
C:\Users\aroca\Documents\GitHub\DBMASSINSERT\DBInsertMasivo\bin\Debug\es\DevExpress.Utils.v20.1.resources.dll
C:\Users\aroca\Documents\GitHub\DBMASSINSERT\DBInsertMasivo\bin\Debug\ja\DevExpress.Utils.v20.1.resources.dll
C:\Users\aroca\Documents\GitHub\DBMASSINSERT\DBInsertMasivo\bin\Debug\ru\DevExpress.Utils.v20.1.resources.dll
C:\Users\aroca\Documents\GitHub\DBMASSINSERT\DBInsertMasivo\bin\Debug\de\DevExpress.XtraEditors.v20.1.resources.dll
C:\Users\aroca\Documents\GitHub\DBMASSINSERT\DBInsertMasivo\bin\Debug\es\DevExpress.XtraEditors.v20.1.resources.dll
C:\Users\aroca\Documents\GitHub\DBMASSINSERT\DBInsertMasivo\bin\Debug\ja\DevExpress.XtraEditors.v20.1.resources.dll
C:\Users\aroca\Documents\GitHub\DBMASSINSERT\DBInsertMasivo\bin\Debug\ru\DevExpress.XtraEditors.v20.1.resources.dll
C:\Users\aroca\Documents\GitHub\DBMASSINSERT\DBInsertMasivo\bin\Debug\de\DevExpress.XtraGrid.v20.1.resources.dll
C:\Users\aroca\Documents\GitHub\DBMASSINSERT\DBInsertMasivo\bin\Debug\es\DevExpress.XtraGrid.v20.1.resources.dll
C:\Users\aroca\Documents\GitHub\DBMASSINSERT\DBInsertMasivo\bin\Debug\ja\DevExpress.XtraGrid.v20.1.resources.dll
C:\Users\aroca\Documents\GitHub\DBMASSINSERT\DBInsertMasivo\bin\Debug\ru\DevExpress.XtraGrid.v20.1.resources.dll
C:\Users\aroca\Documents\GitHub\DBMASSINSERT\DBInsertMasivo\bin\Debug\de\DevExpress.XtraLayout.v20.1.resources.dll
C:\Users\aroca\Documents\GitHub\DBMASSINSERT\DBInsertMasivo\bin\Debug\es\DevExpress.XtraLayout.v20.1.resources.dll
C:\Users\aroca\Documents\GitHub\DBMASSINSERT\DBInsertMasivo\bin\Debug\ja\DevExpress.XtraLayout.v20.1.resources.dll
C:\Users\aroca\Documents\GitHub\DBMASSINSERT\DBInsertMasivo\bin\Debug\ru\DevExpress.XtraLayout.v20.1.resources.dll
C:\Users\aroca\Documents\GitHub\DBMASSINSERT\DBInsertMasivo\bin\Debug\de\DevExpress.XtraPrinting.v20.1.resources.dll
C:\Users\aroca\Documents\GitHub\DBMASSINSERT\DBInsertMasivo\bin\Debug\es\DevExpress.XtraPrinting.v20.1.resources.dll
C:\Users\aroca\Documents\GitHub\DBMASSINSERT\DBInsertMasivo\bin\Debug\ja\DevExpress.XtraPrinting.v20.1.resources.dll
C:\Users\aroca\Documents\GitHub\DBMASSINSERT\DBInsertMasivo\bin\Debug\ru\DevExpress.XtraPrinting.v20.1.resources.dll
C:\Users\aroca\Documents\GitHub\DBMASSINSERT\DBInsertMasivo\bin\Debug\de\DevExpress.Pdf.v20.1.Core.resources.dll
C:\Users\aroca\Documents\GitHub\DBMASSINSERT\DBInsertMasivo\bin\Debug\es\DevExpress.Pdf.v20.1.Core.resources.dll
C:\Users\aroca\Documents\GitHub\DBMASSINSERT\DBInsertMasivo\bin\Debug\ja\DevExpress.Pdf.v20.1.Core.resources.dll
C:\Users\aroca\Documents\GitHub\DBMASSINSERT\DBInsertMasivo\bin\Debug\ru\DevExpress.Pdf.v20.1.Core.resources.dll
C:\Users\aroca\Documents\GitHub\DBMASSINSERT\DBInsertMasivo\bin\Debug\de\DevExpress.XtraBars.v20.1.resources.dll
C:\Users\aroca\Documents\GitHub\DBMASSINSERT\DBInsertMasivo\bin\Debug\es\DevExpress.XtraBars.v20.1.resources.dll
C:\Users\aroca\Documents\GitHub\DBMASSINSERT\DBInsertMasivo\bin\Debug\ja\DevExpress.XtraBars.v20.1.resources.dll
C:\Users\aroca\Documents\GitHub\DBMASSINSERT\DBInsertMasivo\bin\Debug\ru\DevExpress.XtraBars.v20.1.resources.dll
C:\Users\aroca\Documents\GitHub\DBMASSINSERT\DBInsertMasivo\bin\Debug\de\DevExpress.RichEdit.v20.1.Core.resources.dll
C:\Users\aroca\Documents\GitHub\DBMASSINSERT\DBInsertMasivo\bin\Debug\es\DevExpress.RichEdit.v20.1.Core.resources.dll
C:\Users\aroca\Documents\GitHub\DBMASSINSERT\DBInsertMasivo\bin\Debug\ja\DevExpress.RichEdit.v20.1.Core.resources.dll
C:\Users\aroca\Documents\GitHub\DBMASSINSERT\DBInsertMasivo\bin\Debug\ru\DevExpress.RichEdit.v20.1.Core.resources.dll
C:\Users\aroca\Documents\GitHub\DBMASSINSERT\DBInsertMasivo\bin\Debug\de\DevExpress.XtraTreeList.v20.1.resources.dll
C:\Users\aroca\Documents\GitHub\DBMASSINSERT\DBInsertMasivo\bin\Debug\es\DevExpress.XtraTreeList.v20.1.resources.dll
C:\Users\aroca\Documents\GitHub\DBMASSINSERT\DBInsertMasivo\bin\Debug\ja\DevExpress.XtraTreeList.v20.1.resources.dll
C:\Users\aroca\Documents\GitHub\DBMASSINSERT\DBInsertMasivo\bin\Debug\ru\DevExpress.XtraTreeList.v20.1.resources.dll
C:\Users\aroca\Documents\GitHub\DBMASSINSERT\DBInsertMasivo\bin\Debug\de\DevExpress.Office.v20.1.Core.resources.dll
C:\Users\aroca\Documents\GitHub\DBMASSINSERT\DBInsertMasivo\bin\Debug\es\DevExpress.Office.v20.1.Core.resources.dll
C:\Users\aroca\Documents\GitHub\DBMASSINSERT\DBInsertMasivo\bin\Debug\ja\DevExpress.Office.v20.1.Core.resources.dll
C:\Users\aroca\Documents\GitHub\DBMASSINSERT\DBInsertMasivo\bin\Debug\ru\DevExpress.Office.v20.1.Core.resources.dll
C:\Users\aroca\Documents\GitHub\DBMASSINSERT\DBInsertMasivo\obj\Debug\DBInsertMasivo.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\aroca\Documents\GitHub\DBMASSINSERT\DBInsertMasivo\obj\Debug\DBInsertMasivo.Properties.Resources.resources
C:\Users\aroca\Documents\GitHub\DBMASSINSERT\DBInsertMasivo\obj\Debug\DBInsertMasivo.Winform.FrmInsertarMasivo.resources
C:\Users\aroca\Documents\GitHub\DBMASSINSERT\DBInsertMasivo\obj\Debug\DBInsertMasivo.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
C:\Users\aroca\Documents\GitHub\DBMASSINSERT\DBInsertMasivo\obj\Debug\DBInsertMasivo.exe.licenses
C:\Users\aroca\Documents\GitHub\DBMASSINSERT\DBInsertMasivo\obj\Debug\DBInsertMasivo.exe
C:\Users\aroca\Documents\GitHub\DBMASSINSERT\DBInsertMasivo\obj\Debug\DBInsertMasivo.pdb
